the guy is a professional swimmer and
our girl is his fiancee
the two are about to get married one day
a close friend asked the guy to come to
the old house that his father left him
to hang out
the best friend said that they wanted to
hold a bachelor party for him to relax
before getting married
and what kind of a bachelor party would
it be without hot babes but the guy
doesn't like girls dancing near him
he also did not want to let his friends
down so he went swimming alone in the
river behind the house
after swimming he went ashore he saw a
beautiful girl
that wet girl was lisa she was brushing
her hair the guy cannot control himself
he kissed lisa lisa asked do you love me
and the guy lost consciousness
he stayed there with lisa until morning
when his best friends looked for him
they found our guy butt naked lying on
the bank of the river the friend
spotted a comb near him he thought that
it was his friends so he brought it back
with the clothes
after returning home the guy thinks that
someone is teasing him
he had a feeling someone was watching
him shower watching him change clothes
even when he was sleeping someone
tickled him he was constantly tormented
his health was getting worse day by day
when the girl picked up the guy's stuff
she discovered the comb she was deeply
hurt she thought that the guy had
someone else outside and no longer loved
her
she handed the comb to the guy's elder
sister the sister said that the comb
looked familiar
she also found the comb in a photo of
her parents one day
while participating in a swimming
competition the guy imagined lisa
stroking him
this made him so excited that he almost
drowned finally
he did not want his conscience to be
tormented anymore he told everything to
the girl
she stared at him on the hospital bed
she imagined what he said
apparently that meant her fiance kissed
her with the lips that had kissed others
she was angry she left the guy chases
her to a small room
suddenly lisa she wanted to take the guy
luckily the others arrived and saved him
people think they have to go back to
that old house to fix the problem
before that they have to go to see the
guy's father first because that room was
the room that he left his son
surely he would know something then his
father told him the story
long ago his father also met lisa by the
river but the father doesn't care about
lisa
lisa clung to the father to save him his
mother let lisa kill her
it seems that lisa has a special ability
that made his father cannot forget about
lisa
and the guy's mother also found the comb
in the water after listening to this
the girl was still angry she decided to
join everyone to find lisa
at the old house they split up the best
friend and the sister jumped into the
river looking for clues
the best friend found a tombstone
underwater around the tombstone
there are many young people locked by
lisa there the girl was drawn to the
warehouse by some force
she saw the guy's mother performing an
extremely miraculous ritual
they found that the problem was with the
comb maybe they just need to use the
mother's ritual to pay back lisa
the guy was getting weaker and weaker
she lit the candle
cleaned the mirror and got undressed put
the comb in the water and began the
ritual
soon lisa appeared lisa flirts with the
best friend
she kissed the best friend and then went
to the warehouse after lisa took the
comb
lisa squeezed the girl's neck drowning
her in the water
[Music]
do
was with her forever when the guy
arrived his best friend had already died
lisa even wanted to take the guy luckily
the girl and the sister arrived just in
time
they got out and drove off but lisa
still did not let go of them
she stopped the guy's car and poured
water into the car she wants to bring
the girl and the sister away
the guy picks up the rock and smashes
the door
he saves the girl and his sister the
girl doesn't understand why they have
returned the comb to lisa but she still
won't let them go
the guy thinks for a moment and then
says that maybe lisa doesn't want the
comb
she wants his body the guy decided to
find lisa the girl wanted to stop him
but she was beaten by the sister after
waking up the girl found herself tied up
in the basement
the sister was doing the ritual she
wants to sacrifice the girl to lisa in
exchange for the guy
just when she was about to succeed the
guy's father appeared
it won't work he said before her mother
voluntarily gave her life to get rid of
lisa
only the voluntarily offered will work
lisa stood beside them
she jumped out and took the father away
the sister does not want her father to
be taken away
she clutched lisa's hair and attacked
her the girl untied herself
she looked at the pile of hair and felt
a little strange perhaps that is the
source of lisa's power
she used scissors to cut lisa's hair
this is very effective
lisa's power has significantly decreased
they discovered lisa's weakness
the girl grabbed the scissors and
plunged into the water
soon after she rose from the water she
hugged the guy and asked
do you love me the guy discovered
something unusual the girl would never
ask him like that
he picked up the scissors and cut lisa's
hair
lisa's magic power was completely lost
she returned to her original form
the guy jumped into the water the girl
was tortured a lot by lisa
after a while she regained consciousness
they started a happy and sweet life
together